Converted samples to use dialog.open and dialog.submit [Don't Merge] (#762)
OfficeDev/Microsoft-Teams-Samples: samples/bot-task-module/nodejs/README.md

---
page_type: sample

> description: This is an sample application which showcases how to invoke Dialog from adaptive and hero cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This is an sample application which showcases how to invoke Dialogs (referred as task modules in TeamsJS v1.x) from adaptive and hero cards.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

urlFragment: officedev-microsoft-teams-samples-bot-task-module-nodejs
---

> # Teams Dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Teams Dialog (referred as task modules in TeamsJS v1.x)
```

Reviewer 2: Updated
